Improve `kedro viz build` usage documentation (#2126)
kedro-org/kedro-viz: docs/source/platform_agnostic_sharing_with_kedro_viz.md

This creates a `build` folder containing your Kedro-Viz app package in your project directory. 

## Running Kedro-Viz Locally

> When you generate build folder with the command `kedro viz build`, it creates a build directory with an `index.html` file, which is the entry point for visualizing your pipeline. However, simply opening `index.html` using the file protocol `file://` is not supported due to Cross-Origin Resource Sharing Policy in modern browsers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you generate the build folder using the command `kedro viz build`, it creates a build directory with an `index.html` file, which serves as the entry point for visualizing your pipeline. However, simply opening `index.html` using the `file://` protocol is not supported due to Cross-Origin Resource Sharing (CORS) policies in modern browsers..
```
